Lime and limpid green, a second scene A fight between the blue you once knew. Floating down, the sound resounds Around the icy waters underground. Jupiter and Saturn, Oberon, Miranda and Titania. Neptune, Titan, Stars can frighten. Lime and limpid green, a second scene A fight between the blue you once knew. Floating down, the sound resounds Around the icy waters underground. Jupiter and Saturn, Oberon, Miranda and Titania. Neptune, Titan, Stars can frighten. Blinding signs flap, Flicker, flicker, flicker blam. Pow, pow. Stairway scare, Dan Dare, who's there? Lime and limpid green, the sounds around The icy waters under Lime and limpid green, the sounds around The icy waters underground.Lucifer Sam, siam cat.  Always sitting by your side  Always by your side.  That cat's something I can't explain.  Ginger, ginger, Jennifer Gentle you're a witch.  You're the left side  He's the right side.  Oh, no!  That cat's something I can't explain.  Lucifer go to sea.  Be a hip cat, be a ship's cat.  Somewhere, anywhere.  That cat's something I can't explain.  At night prowling sifting sand.  Hiding around on the ground.  He'll be found when you're around.  That cat's something I can't explain.There was a king who ruled the land.  His majesty was in command.  With silver eyes the scarlet eagle  Showers silver on the people.  Oh Mother, tell me more.  Why'd'ya have to leave me there  Hanging in my infant air  Waiting?  You only have to read the lines  They're scribbly black and everything shines.  Across the stream with wooden shoes  With bells to tell the king the news  A thousand misty riders climb up  Higher once upon a time.  Wandering and dreaming  The words have different meaning.  Yes they did.  For all the time spent in that room  The doll's house, darkness, old perfume  And fairy sories held me high on  Clouds of sunlight floating by.  Oh Mother, tell me more  Tell me more.  Aaaaaaaah  Aaaaaaaah  AaaaaaaahAlone in the clouds all blue Lying on an eiderdown. Yippee! You can't see me But I can you. Lazing in the foggy dew Sitting on a unicorn. No fair, you can't hear me But I can you. Watching buttercups cup the light Sleeping on a dandelion. Too much, I won't touch you But then I might. Screaming through the starlit sky Travelling by telephone. Hey ho, here we go Ever so high. Alone in the clouds all blue Lying on an eiderdown. Yippee! You can't see me But I can you.Doctor doctor!  I'm in bed  Achin' head  Gold is lead  Choke on bread  Underfed  Gold is lead  Jesus bled  Pain is red  Are goon  Grow go  Greasy spoon  You swoon  June bloom  Music seems to help the pain  Seems to cultivate the brain.  Doctor kindly tell your wife that  I'm alive - flowers thrive - realize - realize  Realize.I want to tell you a story  About a little man  If I can.  A gnome named Grimble Grumble.  And little gnomes stay in their homes.  Eating, sleeping, drinking their wine.  He wore a scarlet tunic,  A blue green hood,  It looked quite good.  He had a big adventure  Amidst the grass  Fresh air at last.  Wining, dining, biding his time.  And then one day - hooray!  Another way for gnomes to say  Hoooooooooray.  Look at the sky, look at the river  Isn't it good?  Look at the sky, look at the river  Isn't it good?  Winding, finding places to go.  And then one day - hooray!  Another way for gnomes to say  Hoooooooooray.  Hooooooooooooooray.A movement is accomplished in six stages  And the seventh brings return.  The seven is the number of the young light  It forms when darkness is increased by one.  Change returns success  Going and coming without error.  Action brings good fortune.  Sunset.  The time is with the month of winter solstice  When the change is due to come.  Thunder in the other course of heaven.  Things cannot be destroyed once and for all.  Change returns success  Going and coming without error.  Action brings good fortune.  Sunset, sunrise.  A movement is accomplished in six stages  And the seventh brings return.  The seven is the number of the young light  It forms when darkness is increased by one.  Change returns success  Going and coming without error.  Action brings good fortune.  Sunset, sunrise.The black and green scarecrow as everyone knows  Stood with a bird on his hat and straw everywhere.  He didn't care.  He stood in a field where barley grows.  His head did no thinking  His arms didn't move except then the wind cut up  Rough and mice ran around on the ground  He stood in a field where barley grows.  The black and green scarecrow is sadder than me  But now he's resigned to his fate  'Cause life's not unkind - he doesn't mind.  He stood in a field where barley grows.Far, far, far away - way  People heard him say - say  I will find a way - way  There will come a day - day  Something will be done.  Then at last the mighty ship  Descending on a point of flame  Made contact with the human race at Mildenhall   Now, now, now is the time - time  Time to be - be - be aware  Carter's father saw him there  and knew the Rhull revealed to him  the glowing soul of Hereward The Wake.   Oh, my, something in my eye - eye  Something in the sky - sky  Waiting there for me  The outer lock rolls slowly back  The service men were heard to sigh  For there revealed in glowing robes  Was Lucy in the sky   Oh - oh - did you ever know - know  Never ever will they  I cannot say  Summoning his cosmic powers  And glowing slightly from his toes  The psychic emanations flyRemember a day before today  A day when you were young.  Free to play alone with time  Evening never came.  Sing a song that can't be sung  Without the morning's kiss  Queen - you shall be it if you wish  Look for your king Why can't we play today  Why can't we stay that way Climb your favorite apple tree  Try to catch the sun  Hide from your little brother's gun  Dream yourself away  Why can't we reach the sun  Why can't we blow the years away  Blow away  Blow away  Remember  RememberLittle by little the night turns around. Counting the leaves which tremble at dawn Lotuses lean on each other in yearning Under the eaves the swallow is resting  Set the controls for the heart of the sun.  Over the mountain watching the watcher. Breaking the darkness, waking the grapevine. One inch of love is one inch of shadow Love is the shadow that ripens the wine.  Set the controls for the heart of the sun. The heart of the sun, the heart of the sun.  Witness the man who raves at the wall Making the shape of his questions to Heaven Whether the sun will fall in the evening Will he remember the lesson of giving?  Set the controls for the heart of the sun. The heart of the sun, the heart of the sun.Corporal Clegg had a wooden leg  He won it in the war, in 1944.  Corporal Clegg had a medal too  In orange, red, and blue  He found it in the zoo.  Dear, dear were they really sad for me?  Dear, dear will they really laugh at me?  Mrs. Clegg, you must be proud of him.  Mrs. Clegg, another drop of gin.  Corporal Clegg umbrella in the rain  He's never been the same  No one is to blame  Corporal Clegg recieved his medal in a dream   From Her Majesty the queen  His boots were very clean.  Mrs. Clegg, you must be proud of him  Mrs. Clegg, another drop of gin.Marigolds are very much in love, but he doesn't mind  Picking up his sister, he makes his way into the seas or land  All the way she smiles  She goes up while he goes down, down  Sits on a stick in the river  Laughter in his sleep  Sister's throwing stones, hoping for a hit  He doesn't know so then  She goes up while he goes down, down  Another time, another day  A brother's way to leave  Another time, another day   She'll be selling plastic flowers on a   Sunday afternoon   Picking up weeds, she hasn't got the time to care  All can see he's not there  She grows up for another man, and he's down  Another time, another day  A brother's way to leave  Another time, another day  Another time, another day  A brother's way to leaveIt's awfully considerate of you to think of me here  And I'm much obliged to you for making it clear  That I'm not here.  And I never knew the moon could be so big  And I never knew the moon could be so blue  And I'm grateful that you threw away my old shoes  And brought me here instead dressed in red  And I'm wondering who could be writing this song.  I don't care if the sun don't shine  And I don't care if nothing is mine  And I don't care if I'm nervous with you  I'll do my loving in the winter.  And the sea isn't green  And I love the queen  And what exactly is a dream  And what exactly is a joke.In a churchyard by a river,  Lazing in the haze of midday,  Laughing in the grasses and the graze.  Yellow bird, you are alone in singing and in flying on,  In and in leaving. Willow weeping in the water,  Waving to the river daughters,  Swaying in the ripples and the reeds.  On a trip to Cirrus Minor, saw a crater in the sun  A thousand miles of moonlight later.I was standing by the Nile  Whe I saw the lady smile.  I would take her out for a while,  For a while.   Light tears wept like a child.  How her golden hair was blowing wild.  Then she spread her wings to fly,  For to fly.   Soaring high above the breezes,  Going always where she pleases.  She will make it to the island in the sun.  I will follw in her shadow  As I watch her from my window.  One day I will catch her eye.   She is calling from the deep,  Summoning my soul to endless sleep.  She is bound to drag me down,  Drag me down.We smile and smile  We smile and smile  Laughter echoes in your eyes  We climb and climb  We climb and climb  Footfall softly in the pines  We cry and cry  We cry and cry  Sadness passes in a while  We role and role  We role and role  Help me role away the stoneHeavy hung the canopy of blue  Shade my eyes and I can see you  White is the light that shines through the dress that you wore  She lay in the shadow of the wave  Hazy were the visions of her playing  Sunlight on her eyes but moonshine beat her blind everytime  Green is the colour of her kind  Quickness of the eye deceives the mind  Many is the bond between the hopefull and the damnedI'm so afraid of mistakes that I made  Taking every time that I wake  I feel like a hard-boiled butter man  So give me a time when the countries will lie on the storyline if kind   Are days are made since the first page  I've lived every line that you wrote  Take me down, take me down, from the shelf above your head  So give me a time when the countries will lie on the storyline if kind   And if I live on the shelf like the rest  And if love bleeds like a sad song  Please pick-up your camera and use me again  So give me a time when the countries will lie on the storyline if kind  YeaBath of tequila, Manuel  Listen Gringo  Laugh at my lisp and kill you  I think  This Spanish music  It sets my soul on fire  Lovely seniorita  Your eyes are like stars  Your teeth are like pearls  Your ruby lips senioritaLime and limpid green, a second scene A fight between the blue you once knew. Floating down, the sound resounds Around the icy waters underground. Jupiter and Saturn, Oberon, Miranda and Titania. Neptune, Titan, Stars can frighten. Lime and limpid green, a second scene A fight between the blue you once knew. Floating down, the sound resounds Around the icy waters underground. Jupiter and Saturn, Oberon, Miranda and Titania. Neptune, Titan, Stars can frighten. Blinding signs flap, Flicker, flicker, flicker blam. Pow, pow. Stairway scare, Dan Dare, who's there? Lime and limpid green, the sounds around The icy waters under Lime and limpid green, the sounds around The icy waters underground.Down, down. Down, down. The star is screaming. Beneath the lies. Lie, lie. Tschay, tschay, tschay. [Sound of Waters blowing into the microphone] [Light screaming from Waters] Careful, careful, careful with that axe, Eugene. [Very loud and prolonged scream] [Another very loud and prolonged scream] [Waters blowing into the microphone] [Light screaming from Waters] The stars are screaming loud. Tsch. Tsch. Tsch. [Low groaning sound from Waters]Little by little the night turns around. Counting the leaves which tremble at dawn Lotuses lean on each other in yearning Under the eaves the swallow is resting  Set the controls for the heart of the sun.  Over the mountain watching the watcher. Breaking the darkness, waking the grapevine. One inch of love is one inch of shadow Love is the shadow that ripens the wine.  Set the controls for the heart of the sun. The heart of the sun, the heart of the sun.  Witness the man who raves at the wall Making the shape of his questions to Heaven Whether the sun will fall in the evening Will he remember the lesson of giving?  Set the controls for the heart of the sun. The heart of the sun, the heart of the sun.Icy wind of night, be gome.  This is not your domain.  In the sky a bird was heard to cry.  Misty morning whisperings and gentle stirring sounds  Belied a deathly silence that lay all around.  Hear the lark and harken to the barking of the dog fox gone to ground.  See the splashing of the kingfisher flashing to the water.  And a river of green is sliding unseen beneath the trees,  Laughing as it passes through the endless summer making for the sea.  In the lazy water meadow  I lay me down.  All around me,  Golden sunflakes settle on the ground,  Basking in the sunshine of a by gone afternoon,  Bringing sounds of yesterday into this city room.  Hear the lark and harken to the barking of the dog fox gone to ground.  See the splashing of the kingfisher flashing to the water.  And a river of green is sliding unseen beneath the trees,  Laughing as it passes through the endless summer making for the sea.  In the lazy water meadow  I lay me down.  All around me,  Golden sunflakes covering the ground,  Basking in the sunshine of a by gone afternoon,  Bringing sounds of yesterday into my city room.  Hear the lark and harken to the barking of the dog fox gone to ground.  See the splashing of the kingfisher flashing to the water.  And a river of green is sliding unseen beneath the trees,  Laughing as it passes through the endless summer making for the sea.Aye an' a bit of Mackeral settler rack and ruin ran it doon by the haim, 'ma place  well I slapped me and I slapped it doon in the side  and I cried, cried, cried.   The fear a fallen down taken never back the raize and then Craig Marion,  get out wi' ye Claymore out mi pocket a' ran doon, doon the middin stain picking the fiery horde that was fallen around ma feet. Never he cried, never shall it ye get me alive ye rotten hound of the burnie crew. Well I snatched fer the blade O my Claymore cut and thrust and I fell doon before him round his feet.  Aye! A roar he cried frae the bottom of his heart that I would nay fall but as dead, dead as 'a can be by his feet; de ya ken?  And the wind cried Mary.   Thank you.Following the path as it leads towards the Darkness in the North Weary strangers' faces show their sympathy They've seen that hope before And if you want to stay for a little bit Rest your aching limbs for a little bit Before you the night is beckoning And you know you can't delay You hear the night birds calling you But you can't touch the restless sky Close your aching eyes beyond your name Mist is swelling, creatures crawling, Hear the roar get louder in your ears You know the folly was your own But the force behind can't conquer all your fears And if you want to stay for a little bit Rest your aching limbs for a little bit Before you the night is beckoning And you know you can't delay You hear the night birds calling you But you can't touch the restless sky Close your aching eyes beyond your name Throw your thoughts back many years To the time when there was life in every morning Perhaps a day will come When the nights will be as on that morning And if you want to stay for a little bit Rest your aching limbs for a little bit Before you the night is beckoning And you know you can't delay You hear the night birds calling you But you can't touch the restless sky Close your aching eyes beyond your name Rest your weary head, be on your way.If I were a swan, I'd be gone. If I were a train, I'd be late. And if I were a good man, I'd talk with you more often than I do. If I were to sleep, I could dream. If I were afraid, I could hide. If I go insane, please don't put your wires in my brain. If I were the moon, I'd be cool. If I were a rule, I would bend. If I were a good man, I'd understand the spaces between friends. If I were alone, I would cry. And if I were with you, I'd be home and dry. And if I go insane, will you still let me join in with the game? If I were a swan, I'd be gone. If I were a train, I'd be late again. If I were a good man, I'd talk to you more often than I do.Would you like to say something before you leave? Perhaps you'd care to state exactly how you feel. We say goodbye before we've said hello. I hardly even like you. I shouldn't care at all. We met just six hours ago. The music was too loud. From your bed I gained a day and lost a bloody year. And I would like to know, how do you feel? How do you feel? Not a single word was said. Delights still without fears. Occasionally you showed a smile, but what was the need? I felt the cold far too soon - the wind of ninetyfive. My friends are lying in the sun, I wish I was there. Tomorrow brings another town, another girl like you. Have you time before you leave to greet another man Just to let me know, how do you feel? How do you feel? Goodbye to you. Charlotte Kringles too. I've had enough for one day.When that fat old sun in the sky is falling,  Summer evening birds are calling.  Summer's thunder time of year,  The sound of music in my ears.  Distant bells,  New mown grass smells so sweet.  By the river holding hands,  Roll me up and lay me down.  And if you sit,  Don't make a sound.  Pick your feet up off the ground.  And if you hear as the warm night falls  The silver sound from a time so strange,  Sing to me, sing to me.  When that fat old sun in the sky is falling,  Summer evening birds are calling.  Children's laughter in my ears,  The last sunlight disappears.  And if you sit,  Don't make a sound.  Pick your feet up off the ground.  And if you hear as the warm night falls  The silver sound from a time so strange,  Sing to me, sing to me.  When that fat old sun in the sky is falling,  Summer evening birds are calling.  Children's laughter in my ears,  The last sunlight disappears.Arnold Layne had a strange hobby Collecting clothes Moonshine washing line They suit him fine On the wall hung a tall mirror Distorted view, see through baby blue Oh, Arnold Layne It's not the same, takes two to know Two to know, two to know Why can't you see? Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne  Now he's caught - a nasty sort of person They gave him time Doors bang - chain gang - he hates it Oh, Arnold Layne It's not the same, takes two to know Two to know, two to know Why can't you see? Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne  Don't do it againEmily tries but misunderstands, ah ooh  She often inclined to borrow somebody's dreams till tomorrow  There is no other day  Let's try it another way  You'll lose your mind and play  Free games for may  See Emily play  Soon after dark Emily cries, ah ooh  Gazing through trees in sorrow hardly a sound till tomorrow  There is no other day  Let's try it another way  You'll lose your mind and play  Free games for may  See Emily play  Put on a gown that touches the ground, ah ooh  Float on a river forever and ever, Emily  There is no other day  Let's try it another way  You'll lose your mind and play  Free games for may  See Emily playRemember a day before today  A day when you were young.  Free to play alone with time  Evening never came.  Sing a song that can't be sung  Without the morning's kiss  Queen - you shall be it if you wish  Look for your king Why can't we play today  Why can't we stay that way Climb your favorite apple tree  Try to catch the sun  Hide from your little brother's gun  Dream yourself away  Why can't we reach the sun  Why can't we blow the years away  Blow away  Blow away  Remember  RememberSunlight bright upon my pillow  Lighter than an eiderdown  Will she let the weeping willow  Wind his branches round  Julia dream, dreamboat queen, queen of all my dreams  Every night I turn the light out   Waiting for the velvet bride  Will the scaly armadillo  Find me where I'm hiding  Julia dream, dreamboat queen, queen of all my dreams  Will the misty master break me  Will the key unlock my mind  Will the following footsteps catch me  Am I really dying  Julia dream, dreamboat queen, queen of all my dreamsIn a churchyard by a river,  Lazing in the haze of midday,  Laughing in the grasses and the graze.  Yellow bird, you are alone in singing and in flying on,  In and in leaving. Willow weeping in the water,  Waving to the river daughters,  Swaying in the ripples and the reeds.  On a trip to Cirrus Minor, saw a crater in the sun  A thousand miles of moonlight later.I was standing by the Nile  Whe I saw the lady smile.  I would take her out for a while,  For a while.   Light tears wept like a child.  How her golden hair was blowing wild.  Then she spread her wings to fly,  For to fly.   Soaring high above the breezes,  Going always where she pleases.  She will make it to the island in the sun.  I will follw in her shadow  As I watch her from my window.  One day I will catch her eye.   She is calling from the deep,  Summoning my soul to endless sleep.  She is bound to drag me down,  Drag me down.Wasting my time,   Resting my mind   And I'll never pine   For the sad days and the bad days   When we was workin' from nine to five.   And if you don't mind   I'll spend my time   Here by the fire side   In the warm light and the love in her eyes.   And if you don't mind   I'll spend my time   Here by the fire side   In the warm light of her eyesI've got a bike. You can ride it if you like.  It's got a basket, a bell that rings and  Things to make it look good.  I'd give it to you if I could, but I borrowed it.  You're the kind of girl that fits in with my world.  I'll give you anything, ev'rything if you want things.  I've got a cloak. It's a bit of a joke.  There's a tear up the front. It's red and black.  I've had it for months.  If you think it could look good, then I guess it should.  You're the kind of girl that fits in with my world.  I'll give you anything, ev'rything if you want things.  I know a mouse, and he hasn't got a house.  I don't know why. I call him Gerald.  He's getting rather old, but he's a good mouse.  You're the kind of girl that fits in with my world.  I'll give you anything, ev'rything if you want things.  I've got a clan of gingerbread men.  Here a man, there a man, lots of gingerbread men.  Take a couple if you wish. They're on the dish.  You're the kind of girl that fits in with my world.  I'll give you anything, ev'rything if you want things.  I know a room of musical tunes.  Some rhyme, some ching. Most of them are clockwork.  Let's go into the other room and make them work.One of these days   I'm going to cut you into little piecesA cloud of eider down  Draws around me softening the sound  Sleepy time when I lie  With my love by my side  And she's breathing low  And the candle dies.  When night comes down you lock the door  The boot falls to the floor  As darkness falls the waves roll by  The seasons change  The wind is warm.  Now wakes the owl, now sleeps the swan  Behold a dream, the dream is gone  Green fields  A cold rain is falling  Near the golden dawn.  And deep beneath the ground  The early morning sounds and I go down  Sleepy time in my life  With my love by my side  And she's breathing low  And I rise like a bird  In the haze and the first rays touch the sky  And the night winds die.You say the hill's too steep to climb,  Chiding!  You say you'd like to see me try,  Climbing!  You pick the place and I'll choose the time  And I'll climb  The hill in my own way  just wait a while, for the right day  And as I rise above the treeline and the clouds  I look down hear the sound of the things you said today  Fearlessly the idiot faced the crowd, smiling  Merciless, the magistrate turns 'round, frowning  and who's the fool who wears the crown  Go down in your own way  And everyday is the right day  And as you rise above the fearlines in his frown  You look down  Hear the sound of the faces in the crowdAs I reach for a peach   Slide a rind down behind   the sofa in San Tropez   Breaking a stick with a brick on the sand   Riding a wave in the wake of an old Sedan   Sleeping alone in the drone of the darkness   Scratched by the sand that fell from our love   Deep in my dreams and I still hear her calling   If you're alone I'll come home   Backwards and home bound   The pidgeon the dove   Gone with the wind and the rain on an airplane   Owning a home with no silver spoon   I'm drinking champaigne like a big tycoon   Sooner than wait for a break in the weather   I'll gather my far flung thoughts together   Speeding away on a wind to a new day   If your alone I'll come home   And I pause for a while   By a country style   And listen to things they say   Digging for gold in the hoe in my hand   Hoping they'll take a look at the way things stand   And you're leading me down to the place by the sea   I hear your soft voice calling to me   Making a date for later by phone   if you're alone I'll come homeI was in the kitchen   Seamus, that's the dog was outside   Well, I was in the kitchen   Seamus, my old hound was outside   Well, you know the sun was sinking slowly   But my hound just sat right down and criedOverhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air And deep beneath the rolling waves in labyrinths of coral caves The echo of a distant tide Comes willowing across the sand And everything is green and submarine  And no one showed us to the land And no one knows the where's or why's But something stirs and something tries And starts to climb towards the light  Strangers passing in the street By chance two separate glances meet And I am you and what I see is me And do I take you by the hand And lead you through the land And help me understand the best I can And no one calls us to move on And no one forces down our eyes No one speaks And no one tries No one flies around the sun  Cloudless every day you fall upon my waking eyes Inviting and inciting me to rise And through the window in the wall Come streaming in on sunlight wings A million bright ambassadors of morning  And no one sings me lullabies And no one makes me close my eyes So I throw the windows wide And call to you across the sky.Bridges burning gladly,  Merging with the shadows,  Flickering between the lines.  Stolen moments floating softly on the air,  Born on wings of fire and climbing higher.  Ancient bonds are breaking,  Moving on and changing sides.  Dreaming of a new day,  Cast aside the other way.  Magic visions stirring,  Kindled by and burning flames rise in her eyes.  The door stands ajar,  The wall that once were high.  Beyond the gilded cage,  Beyond the reach of ties.  The moment is at hand.  She breaks the golden band.Come on, my friends,  Let's make for the hills.  They say there's gold but I'm looking for thrills.  You can get your hands on whatever we find,  Because I'm only coming along for the ride.  Well, you go your way,  I'll go mine.  I don't care if we get there on time.  Everybody's searching for something, they say.  I'll get my kicks on the way.  Over mountains, across seas,  Who knows what will be waiting for me?  I could sail forever to strange sounding names.  Faces of people and places don't change.  All I have to do is just close my eyes  To see the seagulls wheeling on those far distant skies.  All I want to tell you,  All I want to say is count me in on the journey.  Don't expect me to stay.Heaven sent the promised land Looks allright from where I stand Cause I'm the man on the outside looking in  Waiting on the first step Show me where the key is kept Point me down the right line because it's time  To let me in from the cold Turn my lead into gold Cause there's chill wind blowing in my soul And I think I'm growing old  Flash the readies wots...uh the deal Got to make to the next meal Try to keep up with the turning of the wheel.  Mile after mile Stone after stone Turn to speak but you're alone Million mile from home you're on your own  So let me in from the cold Turn my lead into gold Cause there's chill wind blowing in my soul And I think I'm growing old  Fire bright by candlelight With her by my side And if she prefers we will never stir again  Someone sent the promised land And I grabbed it with both hands Now I'm the man on the inside looking out  Hear me shout 'come on in, what's the news and where you been?' Cause there's no wind left in my soul And I've grown oldYou shout in your sleep.  Perhaps the price is just too stepp.  Is your conscience at rest if once put to the test?  You awake with a start to just the beating of your heart.  Just one man beneath the sky,  Just two ears, just two eyes.  You set sail across the sea of longpast thoughts and memories.  Childhood's end,  Your fantasies merge with harsh realities.  And then as the sail is hoist,  You find your eyes are growing moist.  All the fears never voiced say you have to make your final choice.  Who are you and who am I to say we know the reason why?  Some are born;  Some men die beneath one infinite sky.  There'll be war, there'll be peace.  But everything one day will cease.  All the iron turned to rust;  All the proud men turned to dust.  And so all things, time will mend.  So this song will end.The memories of a man in his old age Are the deeds of a man in his prime. You suffle in gloom in the sickroom And talk to yourself till you die. Life is a short, warm moment And death is a long cold rest. You get your chance to try In the twinkling of an eye: Eighty years, with luck, or even less. So all aboard for the American tour, And maybe you'll make it to the top. And mind how you go. I can tell you, because I know. You may find it hard to get off. You are the angel of death And I am the dead man's son. And he died like a mole in a fox hole. And everyone is still in the run. And who is the master of fox hounds? And who says the hunt has begun? And who calls the tune in the courtroom? And who beats the funeral drum? The memories of a man in his old age Are the deeds of a man in his prime. You suffle in gloom in the sickroom And talk to yourself till you die.Stay and help me to end the day.  And of you don't mind,  We'll break a bottle of wine.  Stick around and maybe we'll put one down,  Because I wanna find what lies behind those eyes.  Midnight blue burning gold.  A yellow moon is growing cold.  I rise, looking through my morning eyes,  Surprised to find you by my side.  Rack my brain to try to remember your name  To find the words to tell you goodbye.  Morning dues.  Newborn day.  Midnight blue turn to gray.  Midnight blue burning gold.  A yellow moon is growing cold."I've been mad for fucking years, absolutely years, been  over the edge for yonks, been working me buns off for bands..."  "I've always been mad, I know I've been mad, like the  most of us...very hard to explain why you're mad, even  if you're not mad..."Breathe, breathe in the air Don't be afraid to care Leave but don't leave me Look around and choose your own ground  For long you live and high you fly And smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry And all you touch and all you see Is all your life will ever be  Run, rabbit, run Dig that hole, forget the sun, And when at last the work is done Don't sit down, it's time to dig another one  For long you live and high you fly But only if you ride the tide And balanced on the biggest wave You race toward an early grave.Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day Fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town Waiting for someone or something to show you the way  Tired of lying in the sunshine staying home to watch the rain You are young and life is long and there is time to kill today And then one day you find ten years have got behind you No one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun  And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking Racing around to come up behind you again The sun is the same in a relative way, but you're older Shorter of breath and one day closer to death  Every year is getting shorter, never seem to find the time Plans that either come to naught or half a page of scribbled lines Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way The time is gone, the song is over, thought I'd something more to say  Home, home again I like to be here when I can When I come home cold and tired It's good to warm my bones beside the fire Far away, across the field The tolling of the iron bell Calls the faithful to their knees To hear the softly spoken magic spellHome, home again  I like to be there when I can  When I come in cold and tired  It's good to warm my bones beside the fire  Far away across the field  The tolling of the iron bell  Calls the faithful to their knees  To hear the softly spoken magic spells."And I am not frightened of dying, any time will do, I don't mind.  Why should I be frightened of dying?  There's no reason for it, you've gotta go sometime."  "If you can hear this whispering you are dying."  "I never said I was frightened of dying."Money, get away Get a good job with more pay and you're O.K. Money, it's a gas Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash New car, caviar, four star daydream, Think I'll buy me a football team  Money, get back I'm all right, Jack, keep your hands off of my stack. Money, it's a hit Don't give me that do goody good bullshit I'm in the hi-fidelity first class traveling set And I think I need a Lear jet  Money, it's a crime Share it fairly but don't take a slice of my pie Money, so they say Is the root of all evil today But if you ask for a rise it's no surprise that they're giving none away  "HuHuh! I was in the right!" "Yes, absolutely in the right!" "I certainly was in the right!" "You was definitely in the right. That geezer was cruising for a bruising!" "Yeah!" "Why does anyone do anything?" "I don't know, I was really drunk at the time!" "I was just telling him, he couldn't get into number 2. He was asking why he wasn't coming up on freely, after I was yelling and screaming and telling him why he wasn't coming up on freely. It came as a heavy blow, but we sorted the matter out."Us and Them And after all we're only ordinary men Me, and you God only knows it's not what we would choose to do Forward he cried from the rear and the front rank died And the General sat, as the lines on the map moved from side to side Black and Blue And who knows which is which and who is who Up and Down And in the end it's only round and round and round Haven't you heard it's a battle of words the poster bearer cried Listen son, said the man with the gun There's room for you inside  "Well I mean, they're gonna kill ya, so like, if you give 'em a quick sh...short, sharp shock, they don't do it again. Dig it? I mean he got off light, 'cause I coulda given 'I'm a thrashin' but I only hit him once. It's only the difference between right and wrong innit? I mean good manners don't cost nothing do they, eh?"  Down and Out It can't be helped but there's a lot of it about With, without And who'll deny that's what the fightings all about Get out of the way, it's a busy day And I've got things on my mind For want of the price of tea and a slice The old man diedThe lunatic is on the grass  The lunatic is on the grass  Remembering games and daisy chains and laughs  Got to keep the loonies on the path  The lunatic is in the hall  The lunatics are in my hall  The paper holds their folded faces to the floor  And every day the paper boy brings more  And if the dam breaks open many years too soon  And if there is no room upon the hill  And if your head explodes with dark forbodings too  I'll see you on the dark side of the moon  The lunatic is in my head  The lunatic is in my head  You raise the blade, you make the change  You re-arrange me 'till I'm sane  You lock the door  And throw away the key  There's someone in my head but it's not me.  And if the cloud bursts, thunder in your ear  You shout and no one seems to hear  And if the band you're in starts playing different tunes  I'll see you on the dark side of the moon   "I can't think of anything to say except...  I think it's marvellous! HaHaHa!"All that you touch  All that you see  All that you taste  All you feel  All that you love  All that you hate  All you distrust  All you save  All that you give  All that you deal  All that you buy  beg, borrow or steal  All you create  All you destroy  All that you do  All that you say  All that you eat  everyone you meet  All that you slight  everyone you fight  All that is now  All that is gone  All that's to come  And everything under the sun is in tune  But the sun is eclipsed by the moon.  There is no dark side of the moon really.  Matter of fact it's all dark.Remember when you were young, you shone like the sun. Shine on you crazy diamond. Now there's a look in your eyes, like black holes in the sky. Shine on you crazy diamond. You were caught in the crossfire of childhood and stardom, blown on the steel breeze. Come on you target for faraway laughter, come on you stranger, you legend, you martyr, and shine!  You reached for the secret too soon, you cried for the moon. Shine on you crazy diamond. Threatened by shadows at night, and exposed in the light. Shine on you crazy diamond. Well you wore out your welcome with random precision, rode on the steel breeze. Come on you raver, you seer of visions, come on you painter, you piper, you prisoner, and shine!Welcome my son, welcome to the machine.  Where have you been? It's alright we know where you've been.  You've been in the pipeline, filling in time,   provided with toys and Scouting for Boys.  You bought a guitar to punish your ma,  And you didn't like school, and you know you're nobody's fool,  So welcome to the machine.  Welcome my son, welcome to the machine.  What did you dream? It's alright we told you what to dream.  You dreamed of a big star, he played a mean guitar,  He always ate in the Steak Bar. He loved to drive in his Jaguar.  So welcome to the machine.Come in here, dear boy, have a cigar. You're gonna go far, you're gonna fly high, You're never gonna die, you're gonna make it if you try; they're gonna love you.  Well, I've always had a deep respect, and I mean that most sincerely. The band is just fantastic, that is really what I think. Oh by the way, which one's Pink?  And did we tell you the name of the game, boy? We call it Riding the Gravy Train.  We're just knocked out. We heard about the sell out. You gotta get an album out, You owe it to the people. We're so happy we can hardly count.  Everybody else is just green, have you seen the chart? It's a helluva start, it could be made into a monster If we all pull together as a team.  And did we tell you the name of the game, boy? We call it Riding the Gravy Train.So, so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell, blue skies from pain. Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail? A smile from a veil? Do you think you can tell?  Did they get you to trade your heroes for ghosts? Hot ashes for trees? Hot air for a cool breeze? Cold comfort for change? Did you exchange a walk on part in the war for a lead role in a cage?  How I wish, how I wish you were here. We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl, year after year, Running over the same old ground. What have we found? The same old fears. Wish you were here.Nobody knows where you are, how near or how far.  Shine on you crazy diamond.  Pile on many more layers and I'll be joining you there.  Shine on you crazy diamond.  And we'll bask in the shadow of yesterday's triumph,   sail on the steel breeze.  Come on you boy child, you winner and loser,   come on you miner for truth and delusion, and shineIf you didn't care what happened to me,  And I didn't care for you  We would zig zag our way through the boredom and pain  Occasionally glancing up through the rain  Wondering which of the buggers to blame  And watching for pigs on the wing.You gotta be crazy, you gotta have a real need  You gotta sleep on your toes, and when you're on the street  You gotta be able to pick out the easy meat with your eyes closed  And then moving in silently, down wind and out of sight  You gotta strike when the moment is right without thinking.  And after a while, you can work on points for style  Like the club tie, and the firm handshake  A certain look in the eye, and an easy smile  You have to be trusted by the people that you lie to  So that when they turn their backs on you  You'll get the chance to put the knife in.  You gotta keep one eye looking over your shoulder  You know it's going to get harder, and harder, and harder as you get older  And in the end you'll pack up, fly down south  Hide your head in the sand  Just another sad old man  All alone and dying of cancer.  And when you loose control, you'll reap the harvest you have sown  And as the fear grows, the bad blood slows and turns to stone  And it's too late to loose the weight you used to need to throw around  So have a good drown, as you go down, all alone  Dragged down by the stone.  I gotta admit that I'm a little bit confused  Sometimes it seems to me as if I'm just being used  Gotta stay awake, gotta try and shake off this creeping malaise  If I don't stand my own ground, how can I find my way out of this maze?  Deaf, dumb, and blind, you just keep on pretending  That everyone's expendable and no-one has a real friend  And it seems to you the thing to do would be to isolate the winner  And everythings done under the sun  And you believe at heart, everyone's a killer.  Who was born in a house full of pain  Who was trained not to spit in the fan  Who was told what to do by the man  Who was broken by trained personnel  Who was fitted with collar and chain  Who was given a pat on the back  Who was breaking away from the pack  Who was only a stranger at home  Who was ground down in the end  Who was found dead on the phone  Who was dragged down by the stone.Big man, pig man, ha ha, charade you are  You well heeled big wheel, ha ha, charade you are  And when your hand is on your heart  You're nearly a good laugh  Almost a joker  With your head down in the pig bin  Saying "keep on digging"  Pig stain on your fat chin  What do you hope to find?  When you're down in the pig mine  You're nearly a laugh  You're nearly a laugh  But you're really a cry.  Bus stop rat bag, ha ha, charade you are  You fucked up old hag, ha ha, charade you are  You radiate cold shafts of broken glass  You're nearly a good laugh  Almost worth a quick grin  You like the feel of steel  You're hot stuff with a hat pin  And good fun with a hand gun  You're nearly a laugh  You're nearly a laugh  But you're really a cry.  Hey you Whitehouse, ha ha, charade you are  You house proud town mouse, ha ha, charade you are  You're trying to keep our feelings off the street  You're nearly a real treat  All tight lips and cold feet  And do you feel abused?  .....!.....!.....!.....!  You gotta stem the evil tide  And keep it all on the inside  Mary you're nearly a treat  Mary you're nearly a treat  But you're really a cry.Harmlessly passing your time in the grassland away  Only dimly aware of a certain unease in the air  You better watch out  There may be dogs about  I've looked over Jordan and I have seen  Things are not what they seem.   What do you get for pretending the danger's not real  Meek and obedient you follow the leader  Down well trodden corridors into the valley of steel  What a surprise!  A look of terminal shock in your eyes  Now things are really what they seem  No, this is no bad dream.   The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want  He makes me down to lie  Through pastures green he leadeth me the silent waters by  With bright knives he releaseth my soul  He maketh me to hang on hooks in high places  He converteth me to lamb cutlets  For lo,m he hath great power and great hunger  When cometh the day we lowly ones  Through quiet reflection and great dedication  Master the art of karate  Lo, we shall rise up  And then we'll make the bugger's eyes water.   Bleating and babbling we fell on his neck with a scream  Wave upon wave of demented avengers  March cheerfully out of obscurity into the dream.   Have you heard the news?  The dogs are dead!  You better stay home  And do as you're told  Get out of the road if you want to grow old.You know that I care what happens to you  And I know that you care for me too  So I don't feel alone  Of the weight of the stone  Now that I've found somewhere safe  To bury my bone  And any fool knows a dog needs a home  A shelter from pigs on the wingSo ya Thought ya Might like to go to the show. To feel the warm thrill of confusion That space cadet glow. Tell me is something eluding you sunshine? Is this not what you expected to see? If you wanna to find out what's behind these cold eyes? You'll just have to claw your way through this DisguiseMomma loves her baby   And Daddy loves you too   And the sea may look warm to you Babe   And the sky may look blue   Ooooh Babe   Ooooh Baby Blue   Ooooh Babe   If you should go skating   On the thin ice of modern life   Dragging behind you the silent reproach   Of a million tear stained eyes   Don't be surprised, when a crack in the ice   Appears under your feet   You slip out of your depth and out of your mind   With your fear flowing out behind you   As you claw the thin iceDaddy's flown across the ocean  Leaving just a memory  A snap shot in the family album  Daddy what else did you leave for me?  Daddy what d'ya leave behind for me?  All in all it was just a brick in the wall  All in all it was all just bricks in the wallWhen we grew up and went to school   There were certain teachers who would   Hurt the children any way they could   By pouring their derision   Upon anything we did   And exposing every weakness   However carefully hidden by the kids   But in the town it was well known   When they got home at night, their fat and   Psychopathic wives would thrash them   Within inches of their livesWe don't need no education   We don't need no thought control   No dark sarcasm in the classroom   Teachers leave them kids alone   Hey teacher leave them kids alone   All in all it's just another brick in the wall   All in all you're just another brick in the wall   [chorus at end by pupils from the Fourth Form Music Class Islington Green School, London]   We don't need no education   We don't need no thought control   No dark sarcasm in the classroom   Teachers leave them kids alone   Hey teacher leave us kids alone   All in all you're just another brick in the wall   All in all you're just another brick in the wallMother, do you think they'll drop the bomb? Mother, do you think they'll like this song? Mother, do you think they'll try to break my balls? Ooooh aah, mother, should I build a wall?  Mother, should I run for president? Mother, should I trust the government? Mother, will they put me in the firing line? Ooooh aah, is it just a waste of time?  Hush now, baby, baby, don't you cry Mama's gonna make all of your nightmares come true Mama's gonna put all of her fears into you Mama's gonna keep you right here under her wing She won't let you fly but she might let you sing Mama's gonna keep baby cosy and warm  Ooooh, babe, ooooh, babe, ooooh, babe Of course Mama's gonna help build the wall  Mother, do you think she's good enough for me? Mother, do you think she's dangerous to me? Mother, will she tear your little boy apart? Oooh aah, mother, will she break my heart?  Hush now, baby, baby, don't you cry Mama's gonna check out all your girlfriends for you Mama won't let anyone dirty get through Mama's gonna wait up till you get in Mama will always find out where you've been Mamma's gonna keep baby healthy and clean  Ooooh, babe, ooooh, babe, ooooh, babe You'll always be a baby to me  Mother, did it need to be so high?[Childs voice:]  Look, Mummy. There's an airplane up in the sky.   Oooooooo ooo ooo ooooh   Did you see the frightened ones   Did you hear the falling bombs   Did you ever wonder   Why we had to run for shelter   When the promise of a brave new world   Unfurled beneath a clear blue sky   Oooooooo ooo ooooo oooh   Did you see the frightened ones   Did you hear the falling bombs   The flames are all long gone   But the pain lingers on   Goodbye blue sky   Goodbye blue sky   Goodbye   Goodbye[Backwords]  Congratulations, you have found the secret message.  Please send your answer to Old Pink in care of the Funny Farm.   (Old Pink, Carolyn is on the phone)   What shall we use to fill the empty   Spaces where we used to talk   How shall I fill the final places   How shall I complete the wallI am just a new boy   A stranger in this town   Where are all the good times   Who's gonna show this stranger around?   Ooooooooh I need a dirty woman   Ooooooooh I need a dirty girl   Will some woman in this desert land   Make me feel like a real man   Take this rock and roll refugee   Oooh Babe set me free   Ooooooooh I need a dirty woman   Ooooooooh I need a dirty girl.   Ooooooooh I need a dirty woman   Ooooooooh I need a dirty girl.Day after day, love turns grey  Like the skin of a dying man  Night after night, we pretend it's all right  But I have grown older and  You have grown colder and  Nothing is very much fun any more.   And I can feel one of my turns coming on.  I feel cold as razor blade  Tight as a tourniquet  Dry as a funeral drum,  Run to the bedroom, in the suitcase on the left  You'll find my favourite axe  Don't look so frightened  This is just a passing phase  Just one of my bad days  Would you like to watch T. V.?  Or get between the sheets?  Or contemplate the silent freeway?  Would you like something to eat?  Would you like to learn to fly?  Would you like to see me try?  Would you like to call the cops?  Do you think it's time I stopped?  Why are you running away?Ooooh Babe   Don't leave me now   Don't say it's the end of the road   Remember the flowers I sent   I need you Babe   To put through the shredder   In front of my friends   Ooooh Babe   Don't leave me now   How could you go?   When you know how I need You   To beat to a pulp on a Saturday night   Ooooh Babe   Don't leave me now   How can you treat me this way   Running away   Ooooh Babe   Why are you running away?   Ooooh Babe!I don't need no arms around me   I don't need no drugs to calm me   I have seen the writing on the wall   Don't think I need anything at all   No don't think I'll need anything at all   All in all it was all just bricks in the wall   All in all you were just bricks in the wallGoodbye cruel world   I'm leaving you today   Goodbye   Goodbye   Goodbye   Goodbye all you people   There's nothing you can say   To make me change   My mind   Goodbye.Hey you ! out there in the cold   Getting lonely, getting old, can you feel me   Hey you ! Standing in the aisles   With itchy feet and fading smiles, can you feel me   Hey you ! don't help them to bury the light   Don't give in without a fight.   Hey you ! out there on your own   sitting naked by the phone would you touch me   Hey you ! with your ear against the wall   Waiting for someone to call out would you touch me   Hey you ! would you help me to carry the stone   Open your heart, I'm coming home   But it was only a fantasy   The wall was too high as you can see   No matter how he tried he could not break free   And the worms ate into his brain.   Hey you ! out there on the road   Always doing what you're told, can you help me   Hey you ! out there beyond the wall   Breaking bottles in the hall, can you help me   Hey you ! don't tell me there's no hope at all   Together we stand, divided we fall.Is there anybody out there?  Is there anybody out there?  Is there anybody out there?  Is there anybody out there?I've got a little black book with my poems in   I've got a bag with a toothbrush and a comb in   When I'm a good dog they sometimes throw me a bone in   I got elastic bands keeping my shoes on   Got those swollen hand blues.   Got thirteen channels of shit on the T.V. to choose from   I've got electric light   And I've got second sight   I've got amazing powers of observation   And that is how I know   When I try to get through   On the telephone to you   There'll be nobody home   I've got the obligatory Hendrix perm   And I've got the inevitable pinhole burns   All down the front of my favourite satin shirt   I've got nicotine stains on my fingers   I've got a silver spoon on a chain   I've got a grand piano to prop up my mortal remains   I've got wild staring eyes   I've got a strong urge to fly   But I've got nowhere to fly to   Ooooh Babe when I pick up the phone   There's still nobody home   I've got a pair of Gohills boots   And I've got fading roots.Does anybody here remember Vera Lynn   Remember how she said that   We would meet again   Some sunny day   Vera! Vera!   What has become of you   Does anybody else in here   Feel the way I do ?Bring the boys back home   Bring the boys back home   Don't leave the children on their own   Bring the boys back homeHello, Is there anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me. Is there anyone at home?  Come on now I hear you're feeling down Well, I can ease your pain And get you on your feet again  Relax I'll need some information first Just the basic facts Can you show me where it hurts?  There is no pain, you are receding A distant ship smoke on the horizon You are only coming through in waves Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying When I was a child I had a fever My hands felt just like two balloons Now I've got that feeling once again I can't explain, you would not understand This is not how I am I have become comfortably numb  I have become comfortably numb  O.K. Just a little pin prick There'll be no more aaaaaaaah! But you may feel a little sick  Can you stand up? I do believe it's working, good That'll keep you going through the show Come on, it's time to go.  There is no pain you are receding A distant ship smoke on the horizon You are only coming through in waves Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying When I was a child I caught a fleeting glimpse Out of the corner of my eye I turned to look but it was gone I cannot put my finger on it now The child is grown The dream is gone I have become comfortably numb.Oooh Ma Oooh Pa   Must the show go on   Oooh Pa take me home   Oooh Ma let me go   There must be some mistake   I didn't mean to let them   Take away my soul   Am I too old is it too late   Oooh Ma Oooh Pa   Where has the feeling gone?   Oooh Ma Oooh Pa   Will I remember the songs?   Oooooh aah the show must go on.So ya Thought ya might like to go to the show To feel the warm thrill of confusion That space cadet glow  I've got some bad news for you sunshine Pink isn't well, he stayed back at the hotel  And they sent us along as a surrogate band And we're going to find out where you fans really stand  Are there any queers in the theatre tonight? Get 'em up against the wall (against the wall)! There's one in the spotlight, he don't look right to me Get 'em up against the wall (against the wall)!  That one looks Jewish and that one's a coon Who let all this riff raff into the room? There's one smoking a joint and another with spots If I had my way I'd have all of you shotRun, run, run, run [repeat line four times] You better make your face up in  Your favourite disguise  With your button down lips and your  Roller blind eyes  With your empty smile  And your hungry heart  Feel the bile rising from your guilty past  With your nerves in tatters  As the cockleshell shatters  And the hammers batter  Down your door  You better run   Run, run, run, run [repeat line four times] You better run all day  And run all night  And keep your dirty feelings  Deep inside. And if your  Takin' your girlfriend  Out tonight  You better park the car  Well out of sight  'Cos if they catch you in the back seat  Trying to pick her locks  They're gonna send you back to mother  In a cardboard box  You better runOoooh you cannot reach me now   Ooooh no matter how you try   Goodbye cruel world it's over   Walk on by   Sitting in a bunker here behind my wall   Waiting for the worms to come   In perfect isolation here behind my wall   Waiting for the worms to come   Waiting to cut out the deadwood   Waiting to clean up the city   Waiting to follow the worms   Waiting to put on a black shirt   Waiting to weed out the weaklings   Waiting to smash in their windows   And kick in their doors   Waiting for the final solution   To strengthen the strain   Waiting to follow the worms   Waiting to turn on the showers v And fire the ovens   Waiting for the queers and the coons   And the reds and the Jews   Waiting to follow the worms   Would you like to see Britannia   Rule again my friend   All you have to do is follow the worms   Would you like to send our coloured cousins   Home again my friend   All you need to do is follow the worms.Stop  I wanna go home  Take off this uniform  And leave the show  And I'm waiting in this cell  Because I have to know  Have I been guilty all this timeGood morning Worm your honour The crown will plainly show The prisoner who now stands before you Was caught red handed showing feelings Showing feelings of an almost human nature This will not do  CALL THE SCHOOLMASTER  I always said he'd come to no good In the end your honour If they'd let me have my way I could Have flayed him into shape But my hands were tied The bleeding hearts and artists Let him get away with murder Let me hammer him today  Crazy toys in the attic I am crazy Truly gone fishing They must have taken my marbles away Crazy toys in the attic he is crazy  You little shit, you're in it now I hope they throw away the key You should talked to me more often Than you did, but no you had to Go your own way. Have you broken any homes up lately?  "Just five minutes Worm your honour him and me alone"  Baaaaaabe Come to mother baby let me hold you in my arms M'Lord I never wanted him to get in any trouble Why'd he ever have to leave me Worm your honour let me take him home  Crazy over the rainbow I am crazy Bars in the window There must have been a door there in the wall When I came in Crazy over the rainbow he is crazy  The evidence before the court is Incontrovertible, there's no need for The jury to retire In all my years of judging I have never heard before of Some one more deserving The full penalty of law The way you made them suffer Your exquisite wife and mother Fills me with an urge to defecate Since my friend you have revealed your deepest fear I sentence you to be exposed before your peers  Tear down the wallAll alone, or in twos   The ones who really love you   Walk up and down outside the wall   Some hand in hand   Some gathering together in bands   The bleeding hearts and the artists   Make their stand   And when they've given you their all   Some stagger and fall after all it's not easy   banging your heart against some mad buggers   Walltell me true tell me why was Jesus crucified  is it for this that daddy died?  was it for you? was it me?  did i watch too much t.v.?  is that a hint of accusation in your eyes?  if it wasn't for the nips  being so good at building ships  the yards would still be open on the clyde  and it can't be much fun for them  beneath the rising sun  with all their kids committing suicide  what have we done maggie what have we done  what have we done to england  should we shout should we scream  "what happened to the post war dream?"  oh maggie maggie what have we done?They flutter behind you your possible pasts Some bright-eyed and crazy some frightened and lost A warning to anyone still in command Of their possible future to take care In derelict sidings the poppies entwine With cattle trucks lying in wait for the next time  Do you remember me? How we used to be? Do you think we should be closer?  She stood in the doorway the ghost of a smile Haunting her face like a cheap hotel sign Her cold eyes imploring the men in their macs For the gold in their bags or the knives in their backs Stepping up boldly one put out his hand He said, "I was just a child then. Now I'm only a man."  Do you remember me? How we used to be? Do you think we should be closer?  By the cold and religious we were taken in hand Shown how to feel good and told to feel bad Tongue tied and terrified we learned how to pray Now our feelings run deep and cold as the clay And strung out behind us the banners and flags Of our possible pasts lie in tatters and rags  Do you remember me? How we used to be? Do you think we should be closer?when you're one of the few to land on your feet  what do you do to make ends meet?  teach  make them mad, make them sad, make them add two and two  make them me, make them you, make them do what you want them to  make them laugh, make them cry, make them lie down and dieJesus Jesus what's it all about  trying to clout these little ingrates into shape  when i was their age all the lights went out  there was no time to whine and mope about   and even now part of me flies over  dresden at angels one five  though they'll never fathom it behind my  sarcasm desperate memories lie   sweetheart sweetheart are you fast asleep, good  'cos that's the only time that i can really talk to you  and there is something that i've locked away  a memory that is too painful  to withstand the light of day   when we came back from the war the banners and  flags hung on everyones door  we danced and we sang in the street and   the church bells rang  but burning in my heart  my memory smoulders on  of the gunners dying words on the intercombutton your lip don't let the shield slip  take a fresh grip on your bullet proof mask  and if they try to break down your disguise with their questions  you can hide hide hide  behind paranoid eyes   you put on your brave face and slip over the road for a jar  fixing your grin as you casually lean on the bar  laughing too loud at the rest of the world  with the boys in the crowd  you hide hide hide  behind petrified eyes   you believed in their stories of fame fortune and glory  now you're lost in a haze of alchohol soft middle age  the pie in the sky turned out to be miles too high  and you hide hide hide  behind brown and mild eyesbrezhnev took afghanistan  begin took beirut  galtieri took the union jack  and maggie over lunch one day  took a cruiser with all hands  apparently to make him give it backtake all your overgrown infants away somewhere  and build them a home a little place of their own  the fletcher memorial  home for incurable tyrants and kings   and they can appear to themselves every day  on closed circuit t.v.  to make sure they're still real  it's the only connection they feel  "ladies and gentlemen, please welcome reagan and haig  mr. begin and friend mrs. thatcher and paisley  mr. brezhnev and party  the ghost of mccarthy  the memories of nixon  and now adding colour a group of anonymous latin  american meat packing glitterati"   did they expect us to treat them with any respect  they can polish their medals and sharpen their  smiles, and amuse themselves playing games for a while  boom boom, bang bang, lie down you're dead   safe in the permanent gaze of a cold glass eye  with their favourite toys  they'll be good girls and boys  in the fletcher memorial home for colonial  wasters of life and limb   is everyone in?  are you having a nice time?  now the final solution can be appliedthey disembarked in 45  and no one spoke and no one smiled  there were too many spaces in the line  gathered at the cenotaph  all agreed with hand on heart  to sheath the sacrificial knifes  but now  she stands upon southampton dock  with her handkerchief  and her summer frock clings  to her wet body in the rain  in quiet desperation knuckles  white upon the slippery reins  she bravely waves the boys goodbye again   and still the dark stain spreads between  his shoulder blades  a mute reminder of the poppy fields and graves  and when the fight was over  we spent what they had made  but in the bottom of our hearts  we felt the final cutthrough the fish eyed lens of tear stained eyes  i can barely define the shape of this moment in time  and far from flying high in clear blue skies  i'm spiralling down to the hole in the ground where i hide   if you negotiate the minefield in the drive  and beat the dogs and cheat the cold electronic eyes  and if you make it past the shotgun in the hall  dial the combination. open the priesthole  and if i'm in i'll tell you what's behind the wall   there's a kid who had a big hallucination  making love to girls in magazines  he wonders if you're sleeping with your new found faith  could anybody love him  or is it just a crazy dream   and if i show you my dark side  will you still hold me tonight  and if i open my heart to you  and show you my weak side  what would you do  would you sell your story to rolling stone  would you take the children away  and leave me alone  and smile in reassurance  as you whisper down the phone  would you send me packing  or would you take me home   thought i oughta bare my naked feelings  thought i oughta tear the curtain down  i held the blade in trembling hands  prepared to make it but just then the phone rang  i never had the nerve to make the final cutfuck all that we've got to get on with these got to compete with the wily japanese there's too many home fires burning and not enough trees so fuck all that we've got to get on with these  can't stop lose job mind gone silicon what bomb get away pay day make hay break down need fix big six clickity click hold on oh no brrrrrrrrrring bingo!  make em laugh make em cry make em dance in the aisles make em pay make em stay make em feel ok   not now john we've got to get on with the film show hollywood waits at the end of the rainbow who cares what it's all about as long as the kids go not now john got to get on with the show   hang on john we've got to get on with this i don't know what it is but it fits on here like this ... come at the end of the shift we'll go and get pissed but not now john i've got to get on with this   hold on john i think there's something good on i used to read books but ... it could be the news or some other amusement or it could be reusable shows   fuck all that we've got to get on with these got to compete with the wily japanese no need to worry about the vietnamese got to bring the russian bear to his knees well, maybe not the russian bear maybe the swedes we showed argentina now let's go and show these  make us feel tough and won't maggie be pleased nah nah nah nah nah nah!   s'cusi dove il bar se para collo pou eine toe bar s'il vous plait ou est le bar oi' where's the fucking bar john!in my rear view mirror the sun is going down  sinking behind bridges in the road  and i think of all the good things  that we have left undone  and i suffer premonitions  confirm suspicions  of the holocaust to come  the rusty wire that holds the cork  that keeps the anger in  gives way  and suddenly it's day again  the sun is in the east  even though the day is done  two suns in the sunset  hmmmmmmmmm  could be the human race is run  like the moment when your brakes lock  and you slide toward the big truck  and stretch the frozen moments with your fear  and you'll never hear their voices  and you'll never see their faces  you have no recourse to the law anymore  and as the windshield melts  my tears evaporate  leaving only charcoal to defend  finally i understand  the feelings of the few  ashes and diamonds  foe and friend  we were all equal in the endArnold Layne had a strange hobby Collecting clothes Moonshine washing line They suit him fine On the wall hung a tall mirror Distorted view, see through baby blue Oh, Arnold Layne It's not the same, takes two to know Two to know, two to know Why can't you see? Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne  Now he's caught - a nasty sort of person They gave him time Doors bang - chain gang - he hates it Oh, Arnold Layne It's not the same, takes two to know Two to know, two to know Why can't you see? Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne, Arnold Layne  Don't do it againYou say the hill's too steep to climb,  Chiding!  You say you'd like to see me try,  Climbing!  You pick the place and I'll choose the time  And I'll climb  The hill in my own way  just wait a while, for the right day  And as I rise above the treeline and the clouds  I look down hear the sound of the things you said today  Fearlessly the idiot faced the crowd, smiling  Merciless, the magistrate turns 'round, frowning  and who's the fool who wears the crown  Go down in your own way  And everyday is the right day  And as you rise above the fearlines in his frown  You look down  Hear the sound of the faces in the crowdThe lunatic is on the grass  The lunatic is on the grass  Remembering games and daisy chains and laughs  Got to keep the loonies on the path  The lunatic is in the hall  The lunatics are in my hall  The paper holds their folded faces to the floor  And every day the paper boy brings more  And if the dam breaks open many years too soon  And if there is no room upon the hill  And if your head explodes with dark forbodings too  I'll see you on the dark side of the moon  The lunatic is in my head  The lunatic is in my head  You raise the blade, you make the change  You re-arrange me 'till I'm sane  You lock the door  And throw away the key  There's someone in my head but it's not me.  And if the cloud bursts, thunder in your ear  You shout and no one seems to hear  And if the band you're in starts playing different tunes  I'll see you on the dark side of the moon   "I can't think of anything to say except...  I think it's marvellous! HaHaHa!"All that you touch  All that you see  All that you taste  All you feel  All that you love  All that you hate  All you distrust  All you save  All that you give  All that you deal  All that you buy  beg, borrow or steal  All you create  All you destroy  All that you do  All that you say  All that you eat  everyone you meet  All that you slight  everyone you fight  All that is now  All that is gone  All that's to come  And everything under the sun is in tune  But the sun is eclipsed by the moon.  There is no dark side of the moon really.  Matter of fact it's all dark.Little by little the night turns around. Counting the leaves which tremble at dawn Lotuses lean on each other in yearning Under the eaves the swallow is resting  Set the controls for the heart of the sun.  Over the mountain watching the watcher. Breaking the darkness, waking the grapevine. One inch of love is one inch of shadow Love is the shadow that ripens the wine.  Set the controls for the heart of the sun. The heart of the sun, the heart of the sun.  Witness the man who raves at the wall Making the shape of his questions to Heaven Whether the sun will fall in the evening Will he remember the lesson of giving?  Set the controls for the heart of the sun. The heart of the sun, the heart of the sun.Emily tries but misunderstands, ah ooh  She often inclined to borrow somebody's dreams till tomorrow  There is no other day  Let's try it another way  You'll lose your mind and play  Free games for may  See Emily play  Soon after dark Emily cries, ah ooh  Gazing through trees in sorrow hardly a sound till tomorrow  There is no other day  Let's try it another way  You'll lose your mind and play  Free games for may  See Emily play  Put on a gown that touches the ground, ah ooh  Float on a river forever and ever, Emily  There is no other day  Let's try it another way  You'll lose your mind and play  Free games for may  See Emily playThe memories of a man in his old age Are the deeds of a man in his prime. You suffle in gloom in the sickroom And talk to yourself till you die. Life is a short, warm moment And death is a long cold rest. You get your chance to try In the twinkling of an eye: Eighty years, with luck, or even less. So all aboard for the American tour, And maybe you'll make it to the top. And mind how you go. I can tell you, because I know. You may find it hard to get off. You are the angel of death And I am the dead man's son. And he died like a mole in a fox hole. And everyone is still in the run. And who is the master of fox hounds? And who says the hunt has begun? And who calls the tune in the courtroom? And who beats the funeral drum? The memories of a man in his old age Are the deeds of a man in his prime. You suffle in gloom in the sickroom And talk to yourself till you die.All this love  Is all I am,  A ball is all I am. I'm so new  Compared to you  And I am very small. Warm glow,  Moon glow,  Always need a little more room. Waiting here, Seems like years, Never see the light of day.  All around  I hear strange sounds  Come gurgling in my ear. Red the light  And dark the night  I feel my dawn is near. Warm glow,  Moon glow, Always need a little more room. Whisper low  Here I go,  I will see the sunshine show.Into the distance, a ribbon of black Stretched to the point of no turning back A flight of fancy on a windswept field Standing alone my senses reeled A fatal attraction is holding me fast, How can I escape this irresistible grasp?  Can't keep my eyes from the circling sky Tongue-tied and twisted, just an earth-bound misfit, I  Ice is forming on the tips of my wings Unheeded warnings, I thought, I thought of everything No navigator to find my way home Unladen, empty and turned to stone A soul in tension that's learning to fly Condition grounded but determined to try  Can't keep my eyes from the circling skies Tongue-tied and twisted just an earth-bound misfit, I  [Spoken:] Friction lock - set. Mixture - rich. Propellers - fully forward. Flaps - set - 10 degree. Engine gauges and suction - check Mixture set to maximum percent - recheck Flight instruments... Altimeters - check both (garbled word) - on Navigation lights - on Strobes - on (to tower): Confirm 3-8-Echo ready for departure (tower): Hello again, this is now 129.4 (to tower): 129.4. It's to go. (tower): You may commence your takeoff, winds over 10 knots. (to tower): 3-8-Echo Easy on the brakes. Take it easy. Its gonna roll this time. Just hand the power gradually, and it...  Above the planet on a wing and a prayer, My grubby halo, a vapour trail in the empty air, Across the clouds I see my shadow fly Out of the corner of my watering eye A dream unthreatened by the morning light Could blow this soul right through the roof of the night  There's no sensation to compare with this Suspended animation, a state of bliss  Can't keep my mind from the circling skies Tongue-tied and twisted just an earth-bound misfit, IDogs of war and men of hate  With no cause, we don't discriminate  Discovery is to be disowned  Our currency is flesh and bone  Hell opened up and put on sale  Gather 'round and haggle  For hard cash, we will lie and deceive  Even our masters don't know the web we weave  One world, it's a battleground  One world, and we will smash it down  One world ... One world  Invisible transfers, long distance calls,  Hollow laughter in marble halls  Steps have been taken, a silent uproar  Has unleashed the dogs of war  You can't stop what has begun  Signed, sealed, they deliver oblivion  We all have a dark side, to say the least  And dealing in death is the nature of the beast  One world, it's a battleground  One world, and we will smash it down  One world ... One world  The dogs of war won't negotiate  The dogs of war don't capitulate,  They will take and you will give,  And you must die so that they may live  You can knock at any door,  But wherever you go, you know they've been there before  Well winners can lose and things can get strained  But whatever you change, you know the dogs remain.  One world, it's a battleground  One world, and we will smash it down  One world ... One worldA restless eye across a weary room  A glazed look and I was on the road to ruin  The music played and played as we whirled without end  No hint, no word her honour to defend   I will, I will she sighed to my request  And then she tossed her mane while my resolve was put to the test  Then drowned in desire, our souls on fire  I lead the way to the funeral pyre  And without a thought of the consequence  I gave in to my decadence   One slip, and down the hole we fall  It seems to take no time at all  A momentary lapse of reason  That binds a life for life  A small regret, you won't forget,  There'll be no sleep in here tonight   Was it love, or was it the idea of being in love?  Or was it the hand of fate, that seemed to fit just like a glove?  The moment slipped by and soon the seeds were sown  The year grew late and neither one wanted to remain alone   One slip, and down the hole we fall  It seems to take no time at all  A momentary lapse of reason  That binds a life for life  A small regret, you won't forget,  There'll be no sleep in here tonight  One slip ... one slipOn the turning away  From the pale and downtrodden  And the words they say  Which we won't understand  "Don't accept that what's happening  Is just a case of others' suffering  Or you'll find that you're joining in  The turning away"   It's a sin that somehow  Light is changing to shadow  And casting it's shroud  Over all we have known  Unaware how the ranks have grown  Driven on by a heart of stone  We could find that we're all alone  In the dream of the proud   On the wings of the night  As the daytime is stirring  Where the speechless unite  In a silent accord  Using words you will find are strange  And mesmerised as they light the flame  Feel the new wind of change  On the wings of the night   No more turning away  From the weak and the weary  No more turning away  From the coldness inside  Just a world that we all must share  It's not enough just to stand and stare  Is it only a dream that there'll be  No more turning away?One sound, one single sound  One kiss, one single kiss  A face outside the window pane  However did it come to this?   A man who ran, a child who cried  A girl who heard, a voice that lied  The sun that burned a fiery red  The vision of an empty bed   The use of force, he was so tough  She'll soon submit, she's had enough  The march of fate, the broken will  Someone is lying very still   He has laughed and he has cried  He has fought and he has died   He's just the same as all the rest  He's not the worst, he's not the best   And still this ceaseless murmuring  The babbling that I brook  The seas of faces, eyes upraised  The empty screen, the vacant look   A man in black on a snow white horse,  A pointless life has run its course,  The red rimmed eyes, the tears still run  As he fades into the setting sunI have always been here  I have always looked out from behind the eyes  It feels like more than a lifetime  Feels like more than a lifetime   Sometimes I get tired of the waiting  Sometimes I get tired of being in here  Is this the way it has always been?  Could it ever have been different?   Do you ever get tired of the waiting?  Do you ever get tired of being in there?  Don't worry, nobody lives forever,  Nobody lives foreverI will always be in here  I will always look out from behind these eyes  It's only a lifetime  It's only a lifetime  It's only a lifetimeThe sweet smell of a great sorrow lies over the land  Plumes of smoke rise and merge into the leaden sky:  A man lies and dreams of green fields and rivers,  But awakes to a morning with no reason for waking   He's haunted by the memory of a lost paradise  In his youth or a dream, he can't be precise  He's chained forever to a world that's departed  It's not enough, it's not enough   His blood has frozen & curdled with fright  His knees have trembled & given way in the night  His hand has weakened at the moment of truth  His step has faltered   One world, one soul  Time pass, the river rolls   And he talks to the river of lost love and dedication  And silent replies that swirl invitation  Flow dark and troubled to an oily sea  A grim intimation of what is to be   There's an unceasing wind that blows through this night  And there's dust in my eyes, that blinds my sight  And silence that speaks so much louder that words,  Of promises brokenAs you look around this room tonight  Settle in your seat and dim the lights  Do you want my blood, do you want my tears  What do you want  What do you want from me  Should I sing until I can't sing any more  Play these strings until my fingers are raw  You're so hard to please  What do you want from me   Do you think that I know something you don't know  What do you want from me  If I don't promise you the answers would you go  What do you want from me  Should I stand out in the rain  Do you want me to make a daisy chain for you  I'm not the one you need  What do you want from me   You can have anything you want  You can drift, you can dream, even walk on water  Anything you want   You can own everything you see  Sell your soul for complete control  Is that really what you need   You can lose yourself this night  See inside there is nothing to hide  Turn and face the light   What do you want from meOn the day the wall came down  They threw the locks onto the ground  And with glasses high we raised a cry for freedom had arrived  On the day the wall came down  The Ship of Fools had finally ran aground  Promises lit up the night like paper doves in flight   I dreamed you had left my side  No warmth, not even pride remained  And even though you needed me  It was clear that I could not do a thing for you   Now life devalues day by day  As friends and neighbors turn away  And there's a change that, even with regret, cannot be undone  Now frontiers shift like desert sands  While nations wash their bloodied hands  Of loyalty, of history, in shades of grey   I woke to the sound of drums  The music played, the morning sun streamed in  I turned and I looked at you  And all but the bitter residues slipped away...slipped awayFrom morning to night I stayed out of sight  Didn't recognize I'd become  No more than alive I'd barely survive  In a word...overrun   Won't hear a sound  From my mouth  I've spent too long  On the inside out  My skin is cold   To the human touch  This bleeding heart's  Not beating much   I murmured a vow of silence and now  I don't even hear when I think aloud  Extinguished by light I turn on the night  Wear its darkness with an empty smile   I'm creeping back to life  My nervous system all awry  I'm wearing the inside out   Look at him now  He's paler somehow  But he's coming round  He's starting to choke  It's been so long since he spoke  Well he can have the words right from my mouth   And with these words I can see  Clear through the clouds that covered me  Just give it time then speak my name  Now we can hear ourselves again   I'm holding out  For the day  When all the clouds  Have blown away  I'm with you now  Can speak your name  Now we can hear  Ourselves againHer love rains down on me easy as the breeze  I listen to her breathing it sounds like the waves on the sea  I was thinking all about her, burning with rage and desire  We were spinning into darkness; the earth was on fire   She could take it back, she might take it back someday   So I spy on her, I lie to her, I make promises I cannot keep  Then I hear her laughter rising, rising from the deep  And I make her prove her love for me, I take all that I can take  And I push her to the limit to see if she will break   She might take it back, she could take it back some day   Now I have seen the warnings, screaming from all sides  It's easy to ignore them and G-d knows I've tried  All this temptation, it turned my faith to lies  Until I couldn't see the danger or hear the rising tide   She can take it back, she will take it back some day  She can take it back, she will take it back some day  She can take it back, she will take it back some dayWhere were you when I was burned and broken While the days slipped by from my window watching And where were you when I was hurt and I was helpless 'Cause the things you say and the things you do surround me  While you were hanging yourself on someone else's words Dying to believe in what you heard I was staring straight into the shining sun  Lost in thought and lost in time While the seeds of life and the seeds of change were planted Outside the rain fell dark and slow While I pondered on this dangerous but irresistible pastime  I took a heavenly ride through our silence I knew the moment had arrived For killing the past and coming back to life  I took a heavenly ride through our silence I knew the waiting had begun And headed straight ...into the shining sunFor millions of years mankind lived just like the animals  Then something happened which unleashed the power of our imagination  We learned to talk   There's a silence surrounding me  I can't seem to think straight  I'll sit in the corner  No one can bother me  I think I should speak now  I can't seem to speak now  My words won't come out right  I feel like I'm drowning  I'm feeling weak now  But I can't show my weakness  I sometimes wonder  Where do we go from here   It doesn't have to be like this  All we need to do is make sure we keep talking   Why won't you talk to me  You never talk to me  What are you thinking  What are you feeling  Why won't you talk to me  You never talk to me  What are you thinking   Where do we go from here   It doesn't have to be like this  All we need to do is make sure we keep talking   Why won't you talk to me  You never talk to me  What are you thinking  What are you feeling  Why won't you talk to me  You never talk to me  What are you thinking  What are you feeling   I feel like I'm drowning  You know I can't breathe now  We're going nowhere  We're going nowhereI was spending my time in the doldrums I was caught in the cauldron of hate I felt persecuted and paralyzed I thought that everything else would just wait While you are wasting your time on your enemies Engulfed in a fever of spite Beyond your tunnel vision reality fades Like shadows into the night  To martyr yourself to caution Is not going to help at all Because there'll be no safety in numbers When the Right One walks out of the door  Can you see your days blighted by darkness? Is it true you beat your fists on the floor? Stuck in a world of isolation While the ivy grows over the door  So I open my door to my enemies And I ask could we wipe the slate clean But they tell me to please go fuck myself You know you just can't winBeyond the horizon of the place we lived when we were young  In a world of magnets and miracles  Our thoughts strayed constantly and without boundary  The ringing of the division bell had begun   Along the Long Road and on down the Causeway  Do they still meet there by the Cut   There was a ragged band that followed in our footsteps  Running before time took our dreams away  Leaving the myriad small creatures trying to tie us to the ground  To a life consumed by slow decay   The grass was greener  The light was brighter  With friends surrounded  The nights of wonder   Looking beyond the embers of bridges glowing behind us  To a glimpse of how green it was on the other side  Steps taken forwards but sleepwalking back again  Dragged by the force of some inner tide   At a higher altitude with flag unfurled  We reached the dizzy heights of that dreamed of world   Encumbered forever by desire and ambition  There's a hunger still unsatisfied  Our weary eyes still stray to the horizon  Though down this road we've been so many times   The grass was greener  The light was brighter  The taste was sweeter  The nights of wonder  With friends surrounded  The dawn mist glowing  The water flowing  The endless river   Forever and everSpeech has allowed the communication of ideas Enabling human beings to work together to build the impossible Mankind's greatest achievements have come about by talking Our greatest hopes could become reality in the future With the technology at our disposal, the possibilities are unbounded  All we need to do is make sure we keep talkingWe bitch and we fight Diss each other on sight But this thing we do  These times you get Rain or shine or stormy weather, This thing we do  With world-weary grace Weve taken our places We could curse it or nurse it and give it a name  Or stay home by the fire Failed by desire Stoking the flames But were here for the ride  Its Louder than words this thing that we do Louder than words  the way it unfurls Its louder than words  the sum of our parts The beat of our hearts is louder than words Louder than words  The strings bend and slide as the hours fly by An old pair of shoes, your favorite blues, gonna tap out the rhythm  Lets go with the flow Wherever it goes Were more than alive  Its Louder than words this thing that we do Louder than words  the way it unfurls Its louder than words  the sum of our parts The beat of our hearts is louder than words Louder than words  this thing they call soul Is there with a pulse louder than words Louder than wordsGot a flip-top pack of cigarettes in her pocket  Feeling good at the top  Shopping in sharp shoes  Walking in the sunshine town feeling very cool  But the butchers and the bakers in the supermarket stores  Getting everything she wants from the supermarket stores  Apples and oranges  Apples and oranges   Cornering neatly she trips up sweetly   To meet the people  She's on time again   And then   I catch her by the eye then I stop and have to think  What a funny thing to do 'cause I'm feeling very pink  Apples and oranges  Apples and oranges   I love she  She loves me  See you  See you   Thought you might to know  I'm the lorry driver man  She's on the run  Down by the river side  feeding ducks by the afternoon tide  (quack quack)  Apples and oranges  Apples and oranges  Apples and orangesOh my, girl sitting in the sun  Go buy, candy and a currant bun  I like, to see you run  Like that......   Oooh, don't talk to me  Please just fuck with me  Please you know I'm feeling frail    It's true, sun shining very bright  It's you, who I'm gonna love tonight   Ice cream, taste good in the afternoon  Ice cream, taste good if you eat it soon   Oooh, don't touch me child  Please you know you drive me wild  Please you know I'm feeling frail   Don't try another cat  Don't go where other you must know why  Very very very frail   Oh my, girl sitting in the sun  Go buy, candy and a currant bun  I like, to see you run  Like that......It would be so nice  It would be so nice  It would be so nice  To meet, sometime   Everybody wakes, and in the morning  Hot tea and can't stop yawning  Pass the butter please.  Have you ever read the Daily Standard?  Reading all about the plane that's landed  Upside down?   And no one knows what I did today  There can be no other way  But I would just like to say   It would be so nice  It would be so nice  It would be so nice  To meet sometime  It would be so nice  It would be so nice  It would be so nice  To meet sometime   Everybody cares about the weather  And everybody should know better  What a waste of time  Everybody lives beneath the ceiling  Living out a dream that sends them reeling  To a distant place   But no one knows what I did today  There can be no other way  But I would just like to say   It would be so nice  It would be so nice  It would be so nice  To meet sometime  It would be so nice  It would be so nice  It would be so nice  To meet sometime  It would be so nice  It would be so nice  It would be so nice  To meet sometimeWell, I'm a King Bee  Buzzing around your hive  Yes, I'm a King Bee, child  Buzzing around your hive   I can make good honey  Let me come inside  I'm young and able  To buzz all night long  You know I'm young and able  To buzz all night long   When you hear me buzz, little girl  You know some stinging's going on  (Well, buzz some) I'll sting (yeah)   Well, I'm a King Bee  Can buzz all night long  Yes I'm a King Bee  Can buzz all night long   Well, I buzz better baby,  When your man is gone.Leave, when I ask you to leave, Lucy   Please, far away from me, Lucy   Oh, go little girl   Seen, is (oh so) broken up about you, Lucy   Mean, treat me and done me harm, Lucy   Been, in love with you and your charms, Lucy   Oh, go little girl   I'm in love with you, Lucy    You got my heart   You got my heart, oh no!   You tear me apart   You just won't let me go   You hold on so tight, so tight I just can't breath   Now Lucy leave, Lucy    Leave, when I ask you to leave, little girl   Please, far away from me, little girl   Yeah! go little girl   Seen, is (oh so) broken up about you, Lucy   Yeah!   Go.Hey, Eugene,   This is Henry McClean  And I've finished my beautiful flying machine  And I'm ringing to say  That I'm leaving and maybe  You'd like to fly with me   And hide with me, baby    Isn't it strange  How little we change  Isn't it sad we're insane  Playing the games that we know and in tears  The games we've been playing for thousands and thousands and ....   Pointing to the cosmic glider   "Pull this plastic glider higher  Light the fuse and stand right back"  He cried "This is my last good-bye."   Point me at the sky and tell it fly  Point me at the sky and tell it fly  Point me at the sky and tell it fly   And if you survive till two thousand and five   I hope you're exceedingly thin  For if you are stout you will have to breathe out  While the people around you breathe in   People pressing on might say   It's something that I hate to say  I'm slipping down to eat the ground  A little refuge on my brain   Point me at the sky and tell it fly  Point me at the sky and tell it fly  Point me at the sky and tell it fly   And all we've got to say to you is good-bye  It's time to go, better run and get your bags, it's good-bye  Nobody cry, it's good-bye  Crash, crash, crash, crash, good-bye...Scream thy last scream old woman with a casket Blam blam your pointers point your pointers Waddle with apples to crunchy Mrs. Stores She'll be scrumping for apples on all fours Scream thy last scream old woman with a casket  Fling your arms madly old lady with a daughter Flat tops of houses, mouses, houses Flittin and hittin and fittin quack quack Watching the telly till all hours - telly time! Fling your arms madly old lady with a daughter  Scream thy last scream old woman with a casket Blam blam your pointers point your pointers Waddle with apples to crunchy Mrs. Stores She'll be scrumping for apples on all fours Scream thy last scream old woman with a casketMighty waves come crashing down,   The spray is lashing high into the eagle's eye   Shrieking as it cuts the devil wind,   is calling sailors to the deep   But I can hear the sound of seabirds in my ear   Surf is high an' the sea is awash   An' a haze of candy floss, glitter and beads   Rock that we sat on and watched in the sun   That was hot to touch   And the sea was emerald green   I can hear the sound of seabirds in my ear   And I can see you smile   Surf comes rushing up the beach   Now will it reach the castle wall and will it fall  Catfish dappled silver flashing   Dogfish puffing bubbles in my deepIn yellow shoes I get the blues  Though I walk the streets with my plastic feet  With my blue velvet trousers, make me feel pink  There's a kind of stink about blue velvet trousers  In my paisley shirt I look a jerk  And my turquoise waistcoat is quite out of sight   But oh oh my haircut looks so bad   Vegetable man how are you?    So I've changed my dear, and I find my knees,   And I covered them up with the latest cut,   And my pants and socks all point in a box,   They don't make long of my nylon socks,   The watch, black watch   My watch with a black face   And a big pin, a little hole,   And all the lot is what I got,   It's what I wear, it's what you see,   It must be me, it's what I am,   Vegetable man.    I've been looking all over the place for a place for me,   But it ain't anywhere, it just ain't anywhere.   Vegetable man, vegetable man,   He's the kind of person, you just gonna see him if you can,   Vegetable man.What shall we use to fill the empty spaces   Where waves of hunger roar?   Shall we set out across the sea of faces   In search of more and more applause?   Shall we buy a new guitar?   Shall we drive a more powerful car?   Shall we work straight through the night?   Shall we get into fights?   Leave the lights on?   Drop bombs?   Do tours of the east?   contract diseases?   Bury bones?   Break up homes?   Send flowers by phone?   Take to drink?   Go to shrinks?   Give up meat?   Rarely sleep?   Keep people as pets?   Train dogs?   Race rats?   Fill the attic with cash?   Bury treasure?   Store up leisure?   But never relax at all   With our backs to the wall.It was just before dawn One miserable morning in black 'forty four. When the forward commander Was told to sit tight When he asked that his men be withdrawn. And the Generals gave thanks As the other ranks held back The enemy tanks for a while. And the Anzio bridgehead Was held for the price Of a few hundred ordinary lives.  And kind old King George Sent Mother a note When he heard that father was gone. It was, I recall, In the form of a scroll, With gold leaf adorned, And I found it one day In a drawer of old photographs, hidden away. And my eyes still grow damp to remember His Majesty signed With his own rubber stamp.  It was dark all around. There was frost in the ground When the tigers broke free. And no one survived From the Royal Fusiliers Company Z. They were all left behind, Most of them dead, The rest of them dying. And that's how the High Command Took my daddy from me.